Let's go back to the CloudFormation console, and take a look.
The Update creation is in progress.
So you can see it's getting more and more complex
as we add resources to our CloudFormation stack.
You see all this resources are being created right now.
Now we get an update complete CloudFormation.
Let's go take a look at Services,
VPC and scroll down to Subnets,
and this right there click on it.
Actually, no, this time we're going to visit Route Tables.
We see in the Route Tables,
you see there's an association with two subnets.
You can probably take a hint what that means.
We're going to click on one of these, let's take a look.
Let's expand this bottom part of the screen here.
So this Route Table,
it has two routes.
One, the default that we discussed which is traffic within the VPC,
and we added this route that says, "Hey,
anything going into the wildcard,
which is 000, send it to the Internet gateway."
So I'm going to guess that this Route Table that
we're looking at is the one for public traffic.
So we click on the Subnet Associations,
and we sure enough, we see this two subnets that are associated here.
You can just click on it,
and it will tell you which ones are these.
This is why it's important to have tags,
because otherwise, you're going to have to be memorizing these IDs.
You don't want to have to do that.
For example, you can see the description that we added to Route Table is here.
It says ROUTE table, UdacityProject Public Routes.
So we know already that this subnet is one of the public ones.
Actually you can see the routing information from
the subnet screen that we're on right now, so let's take a look.
I could just click on that.
One of these subnets, and then click on "Route Table".
It will tell you to which Route Table it is associated with.
You can actually see the Routes right here.
This is one of the private ones because it has the local Route for the VPC,
and the outside Route pointing to one of the nets.
Let's go back to our Code Editor.
Now I could just keep going and keep adding more and more resources to this file.
But as you can see, we're already going over an excessive amount of line.
We're almost at 200 lines of code in this particular script.
So if I keep going,
we could end up with hundreds,
if not thousands of lines of resources in code. We don't want to do that.
We want to be able to stop at some point and say, "Hey,
this script creates a network, it's great,
it works fine, and we can stop here."
So how do we communicate with other files?
In this case, what we're going to do is we're going to add an output section.
The output section, it's going to collect all these little resources that we created,
and it's going to turn them into variables that we can use in other scripts.
This way, we don't just have to keep going and
going and adding more resources to this file,
and making things too complex or too unmanageable.
Another reason for this,
is that you may have a network expert in your company,
and somebody that's dedicated to servers,
and web servers and applications.
You don't want them working on the exact same file.
You want the network person to be able to just see network and resources.
So in that case,
you would have this file, and you would stop here,
and this person would take
these networking values and pass it to the other person that's working
on a similar CloudFormation stack just
using those networking resources, not creating them.
So with this done,
let's create an output section to collect those values,
and then be able to use them in other scripts.